[liqoctl] generate peering-user (#2911)
liqotech/liqo: docs/usage/peer.md

For the majority and the cases the `liqoctl peer` is enough.
However, **to know the best strategy for each case and the requirements of each approach, check the [peering strategies guide](/advanced/peering-strategies.md)**.

### Getting the required permissions to establish a peering

> To create a peering with a *provider* cluster, you will require a kubeconfig with a set of permissions to establish a connection with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The setup of a peering with a *provider* cluster requires the creation of a `kubeconfig` tailored with the proper set of permissions to minimize security risks, namely, to allow only to the peering on the remote cluster while preventing any other actions on the other resources of the cluster.
```
